## Goldbely

---
tags:
- review
- e-commerce
- food
---

<!-- preview -->
One of the things I miss about living on the east coast is the food. Enter Goldbely; a website that ships food from restaurants around the country. Do you live on the west coast but miss Chicago deep dish pizza? Just place an order and Goldbely will send you a few deep dish pizzas from Lou Malnati's. I've ordered from Goldbely twice now, with mixed results.
<!-- /preview -->

I can't remember how I first discovered Goldbely, but it was approximately 9 months ago. I stumbled across the site while I was craving some deep dish pizza which I fell in love with on my Chicago visit last October. When I saw that I could have Lou Malnati's delivered to my door in just a few days, I jumped at the chance. I bought 4 deep dish pizzas and the cost was $80 to my door. The pizzas were of a personal size (~10" diameter), although I think most people would not eat a whole pie in one sitting. They showed up at my door in a few days. In order to keep them fresh, they were packed in a cooler with dry ice. The only thing I had to do before consuming them was to heat them. The freshness was good and the pizzas were excellent (although not quite as good as fresh out of an oven in Chicago).

The 2nd order I made (detailed in the next paragraph) was not packed in dry ice. I'm guessing it's because the 2nd order was shipped overnight whereas the pizzas took 2 days I think.

#### A Bad Experience
More recently, I've just placed my 2nd order with Goldbely for some cheesesteaks from Jim's Steaks in Philadelphia. This order has not gone as expected. I got an e-mail from Goldbely on a Tuesday about Jim's Steaks being on sale. I immediately jumped on it and ordered 4 steaks (again costing $80 including shipping). They were supposed to be delivered on Friday (3 days after placing my order). They did not show up Friday and the shipping status indicated no activity. I contacted Goldbely Friday night to find out what was going on. I got a reply pretty quickly offering apologies and stating that Jim's had been overwhelmed. They offered a $25 gift card and stated that my order would ship first thing Monday morning. Monday came and went and still there was no activity on my order. I e-mailed again Monday night. Tuesday morning I got a reply offering more apologies and blaming Jim's for "dropping the ball." The support rep. said he was looking into what was going on with my order and that he would get back to me. By Tuesday afternoon my order shipped with an expected delivery of the following day. The steaks finally arrived around lunchtime Wednesday.

#### Summary
I like what Goldbely does. Living on the west coast and being able to get some deep dish pizzas from Chicago or cheese steaks from Philadelphia is truly awesome. I've had plenty of thoughts before about how I could accomplish this on my own, mostly by having someone I know traveling carrying the items with them. Goldbely makes it easy and painless (at least it's painless when your order ships as expected). Even though I've had 1 good and 1 poor experience so far I'll most likely use Goldbely again at some point in the future. The cost is a bit prohibitive to be ordering all the time but it's great to get a delicious treat from across the country ever now and then!