## MAN Blog 2016

---
tags:
- programming
- cloud
- node.js
- devops
- infrastructure
- javascript
- technology
---

<!-- preview -->
I built MAN Blog a year ago, mostly as a platform for experimentation. Sure, it would have been easier to install Wordpress and call it a day but where's the fun in that? Over the past few weeks I've been playing with a few new things I've been dying to get my hands on, namely Docker and Koa.js.
<!-- /preview -->

### Out with Express, in with Koa

For a while I've been meaning to check out Koa.js, a framework built by the express team that utilizes generators. This was my first foray into using JavaScript generators. This nice thing about this is that it flattens allows asynchronous control flows to be flattened and written in a way that looks like synchronous code. It turned this:

```
function(req, res) {
  var tags = [];

  kvstore.index('tags').then(function(tagsIndex) {
    // Add the tags to the tags array so they can be sorted
    function tagsIndexIterator(tag, callback) {
      tags.push({ name: tag, count: tagsIndex[tag].length });
      callback();
    }
    // Sort the tags by count
    function tagsIndexIteratorComplete() {
      async.sortBy(tags, function(tag, callback) {
        callback(null, -tag.count);
      }, function(err, sortedTags) {
        res.send(sortedTags);
      });
    }
    // Run the iterator
    async.each(Object.keys(tagsIndex), tagsIndexIterator, tagsIndexIteratorComplete);
  });
}
```
 
 Into this:
 
```
function *listTags() {
  let tagsIndex = yield kvstore.index('tags');

  let tags = yield new Promise((resolve) => {
    let tags = [];
    async.each(
      Object.keys(tagsIndex),
      function tagsIndexIterator(tag, callback) {
        tags.push({ name: tag, count: tagsIndex[tag].length });
        callback();
      },
      function eachTagsIndexComplete() {
        resolve(tags);
      }
    );
  });

  let sortedTags = yield new Promise((resolve, reject) => {
    async.sortBy(tags, (tag, callback) => {
      callback(null, -tag.count);
    }, (err, sortedTags) => {
      if (err) return reject(err);
      resolve(sortedTags);
    });
  });

  this.body = sortedTags;
};
```


### Docker + Circle CI + Continuous Delivery

One of the big changes is the way the application is run. The first version ran right on the server using Nginx as a proxy. After updating the code to use Koa.js and generators, the app would no longer run on my Ubuntu droplet running node v0.10.x. I could have upgraded but it may have broken other node applications I had running on the same server. I decided to dockerize the application instead. Nginx is still used as a proxy but it too now runs in a docker container. This also made it fairly simple to setup continuous delivery with Circle CI.

Pushes to [master on github](https://github.com/jlevine22/MAN-Blog) kick off a build workflow:

1. Circle CI builds a new docker image with and runs tests within the container.
2. If the tests pass, the docker image is pushed to docker hub.
3. Circle CI ssh's into the blog server, pulls the latest docker image, and restarts the container.

### 2016 And Beyond

This is just the start. There are a few things on the roadmap right now. 

- Refactor the KVEmitter and KVStore module into one class. For some reason I wrote the KVStore class as an object in a module so it has global state. Refactoring into one class that can be instantiated will enable better testing. It's also just a better design.
- Upgrade the front end to either Angular 2 or React. Gotta learn new stuff!
- Add paging to the front end. I'm at 9 posts and counting! Once I go over 10 I'll need paging.